
# Goals

My first problem is that I feel like I need to frame these posts like announcements. Like my boss is listening and is going to hold me to them if I don't follow up.

I want to set goals so that I can have something **done** at some point. Speed is not important, but progress and persistence is. It is important for me to learn something while creating, so that I can do it over and over, better and better. I also want to avoid reinventing the wheel. I'm getting into a lot of rabbit holes lately when I work. Not much code written, but I'm absorbing a lot of information about [Godot](https://docs.godotengine.org) and [Backstage](https://backstage.io/).

## Call Down, Signal Up

I'm fascinated by the two open source projects. [This post on kidscancode.org](https://kidscancode.org/godot_recipes/basics/node_communication/) lays out a solution to a problem I've faced many times when pondering how to organize the communication between my objects. Which should call which? In Godot, the game objects are organized in a tree. This means a node should be able to count on the subtree that it is the root of, but nothing else.

Nodes should emit interesting signals so that the world (super tree) can react accordingly, but should only *depend* on its own subtree. Some nodes will need to sense the world around them in order to act. E.g. an enemy needs to know where the world is in order to find the best path to the player.

## Plapp first

In our home, we have a lot of plants, and I want to make an app. [Google Keep](https://keep.google.com) is one of my favourite apps. I especially like the simplicity of it. It's responsive. It's easy to create and share content. Lists solve so much in day to day life. It doesn't have an opinion, and there are no ads.

I want to make an application which has these features. It should be used to keep track of data series. No AI or any of that, just input time stamped data. The user can view their data series and compare them.

I've already started on [a project](https://github.com/bjornarprytz/Plapp) in Xamarin. I could work on it forever, polish and tweak little things at every turn. I want to break out of that pattern, and set some achievable milestones.

### Milestones

1. Add config files to each environment ([Tutorial](https://johnthiriet.com/xamarin-loading-a-configuration-file/))
   1. Android
   2. iOS
   3. UWA
2. User can create a data series, and add data points to it
3. User can specify the data type and annotation of data series (e.g. boolean, yes/no; integer, days)
4. User can see a graphical representation of the data series
5. User can add pictures/photos to the series
6. User can delete/archive data series
7. Create App Logo
8. (optional) App Settings - theme, default data types
9.  (optional) Log in with Google and share series with other users
10. (optional) Overlay multiple series to compare
11. (optional) Tag data and make searchable
